# Chainmail

A universal format to read, edit, and write to Minecraft world saves!

Going to work on building an intermediate format using the findings from my three (four) demo world parsing projects for LCE, Bedrock, and Java saves. Those include MCRegionJS (Gamedata-Parser too), Bedrock-LevelDB, and MCA-Buffer.

Originally this was going to be done in TypeScript, with TypeScript type definitions. I am now conceptualizing how using Rust could very much make this an easier process to set up. Not even solely for the native part of things, speed, or that sort of thing. If anything, it's the strictness and expressiveness of things like enums and being able to use types inside of them. How this will work will become more apparent once I have everything here, in context. First I plan to port my Region-Types definitions over to Rust structs. Then I will be able to implement `TryFrom` for each of them, allowing to fully convert between any and all versions on the fly, be it for entity NBT, blocks, what have you. The roadblock is still to get all of the necessary information from each version in order to declare these properly. They need to map all and any of what the game would be put into the APIs here, so it essentially needs to perfectly match the "game's standard library", if you will. This is the most challenging part. The other part is that not all of the would formats are parseable yet, at least for more "obscure" world save types (ie. Legacy Console Edition, and all of it's world save format versions).
